ace.o: ace_header.o
ace.o: constants.o
ace.o: endf.o
ace.o: error.o
ace.o: fission.o
ace.o: global.o
ace.o: material_header.o
ace.o: output.o
ace.o: set_header.o
ace.o: string.o

ace_header.o: constants.o
ace_header.o: endf_header.o

cross_section.o: ace_header.o
cross_section.o: constants.o
cross_section.o: error.o
cross_section.o: fission.o
cross_section.o: global.o
cross_section.o: material_header.o
cross_section.o: random_lcg.o
cross_section.o: search.o

eigenvalue.o: physics.o

energy_grid.o: constants.o
energy_grid.o: global.o
energy_grid.o: list_header.o
energy_grid.o: output.o

fission.o: ace_header.o

fixed_source.o: physics.o

global.o: ace_header.o

hdf5_interface.o: ace_header.o

initialize.o: ace.o
initialize.o: energy_grid.o

output.o: ace_header.o

physics.o: ace_header.o
physics.o: constants.o
physics.o: cross_section.o
physics.o: endf.o
physics.o: error.o
physics.o: fission.o
physics.o: geometry.o
physics.o: geometry_header.o
physics.o: global.o
physics.o: interpolation.o
physics.o: material_header.o
physics.o: mesh.o
physics.o: output.o
physics.o: particle_header.o
physics.o: random_lcg.o
physics.o: search.o
physics.o: string.o
physics.o: tally.o

source.o: physics.o

tally.o: ace_header.o